Consent Form – JA Stock Market Challenge

Dear Parent, Legal Guardian and/or Conservator:

Your student will be participating in an exciting Junior Achievement program called the JA Stock Market Challenge. Working in teams, participants will discover the benefits and challenges of investing in the stock market through trading activities, examine the risks and rewards of creating a diversified portfolio through making informed investment decisions, and learn how the market and a company's performance can be influenced by news events.

For your student to participate, please review and sign the following forms attached:

Student Media Release and Parental/Guardian Consent

Accident Waiver and Release of Liability & Illness Form for Students

Please complete this form electronically and submit or if a paper copy, return it to the teacher before the scheduled field trip. Thank you.

Consent

By signing this form, I have given permission for my student to participate in the Junior Achievement Stock Market Challenge, taking place at: Junior Achievement, 577 E. Larned St., Detroit, MI 48226. I understand that my student will travel to and from JA Finance Park under the supervision of school staff.

Student Media Release Form

By signing this form, you are confirming you have read the attached Student Media Release and Parental/Guardian Consent and you agree to and accept its terms and conditions.

Accident Waiver and Release of Liability & Illness Form for Students

By signing this form, you are confirming you have read the attached JA Accident Waiver and Release of Liability Form & Illness Form for Students and you agree to and accept its terms and conditions.

---

STUDENT MEDIA RELEASE AND PARENTAL/GUARDIAN CONSENT

Junior Achievement USA and Junior Achievement of Southeastern Michigan (collectively "JA") engage with volunteers (each, a "JA Volunteer") to deliver educational programs in-person and online ("JA Programs"). When the Student participates in JA Programs digitally, the Student's Likeness (defined below) may be captured and reproduced.

Student's Likeness

JA may use Student's name, voice, image, picture, silhouette, and other aspects of Student's likeness ("Likeness") in any recording, video, still-image, photograph, webinar, online event, social media, or other form of media (collectively, "Media"), in connection with JA Programs and/or the Student Work Product, or for any purpose related to JA, including with promotional materials, advertising, and publicity. Student waives any right of inspection or approval of the use of Likeness.

JA will not permit use of Student's Likeness or Student Work Product by unaffiliated third parties, or for any third-party commercial use or use contrary to JA's educational mission of empowering young people.

Student Work Product

I grant JA a perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable and royalty-free right to copy, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, create derivative works, edit, enhance, publish and use any Student Work Product in any medium and in any manner throughout the world, for the purposes permitted by this Consent. JA is not obligated to use the Student Work Product in any way.

I confirm that to the best of my knowledge any Student Work Product that I furnish or allow JA to use does not infringe upon any copyright, trademark, trade dress, rights of privacy or publicity, patent rights or third-party contract rights, does not contain libelous or scandalous matter, and is free of any third-party content or materials.

Privacy and Media Consent

To access web-based content and/or online Media, students may be asked to provide certain personal information, including, but not limited to, first and last name, email address, and username, which is collected and used in accordance with the Privacy Policy of Junior Achievement USA® (as updated from time to time, the "Privacy Policy"). I give my consent for JA to collect and use such Student personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy and for Student to participate in online programs, webinars, and/or social media activities in connection with JA Programs.

I will not sue, dispute, challenge, or institute proceedings against JA for using the Student Work Product or Student's Likeness or for Student's participation in Media activities in accordance with this Consent, and I hereby waive all claims, damages and expenses arising directly or indirectly from the same. I am signing this Consent voluntarily, understanding that it benefits and binds both myself and JA and our respective heirs, representatives, transferees and successors, as applicable.

---

ACCIDENT WAIVER AND RELEASE OF LIABILITY & ILLNESS FORM FOR STUDENTS

I consent to participation of my student in the above-mentioned field trip, and in consideration of permitting my child to participate in the field trip, said consideration being good and valuable, hereby agree, on behalf of myself, my representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, next of kin, successors, and assigns, as follows:

I ACKNOWLEDGE AND ASSUME ALL OF THE RISKS OF MY CHILD'S PARTICIPATION IN ANY/ALL ACTIVITIES ASSOCIATED WITH JUNIOR ACHIEVEMENT OF SOUTHEASTERN MICHIGAN, including, by way of example and not limitation, any risks that may arise from any negligence or carelessness on the part of the persons or entities being released, said persons/entities being Junior Achievement of Southeastern Michigan Inc. (JASEM) and/or their members, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, volunteers, successors and assigns (hereinafter, the "Released Parties").

I certify that my child is physically fit and have not been advised not to participate in JASEM activities by any qualified medical professional. I certify that there are no health-related reasons or conditions that may impede, or become aggravated by, my child's participation in JASEM activities. I acknowledge that this Accident Waiver and Release of Liability Form will be used by the organizers of JASEM activities and events in which my child may participate and that it will govern my actions and responsibilities at said activities.

I HEREBY WAIVE, RELEASE, AND DISCHARGE the Released Parties from any and all liability, including but not limited to, liability arising from the negligence or fault of the Released Parties, for my death, disability, personal injury, illness, property damage, property theft, or damages and consequences of any kind which may occur to me including during travel to and from all JASEM activities.

I HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, HOLD HARMLESS, AND REFRAIN from instituting or participating in any legal action against the Released Parties for any and all liabilities or claims, known or unknown, that can or could be made as a result of participation in JA Activities, whether caused by the negligence of the Released Parties or otherwise. I acknowledge that the Released Parties are NOT responsible for the errors, omissions, acts, or failures of any party or entity conducting a specific event or activity on behalf of JASEM.

I understand and acknowledge that this document is of legal consequence and that I have read and fully understood its terms before agreeing to them by signing below. The Accident Waiver and Release of Liability Form shall be construed as broadly as possible in favor of the Released Parties to provide a release and waiver to the maximum extent permissible by law.
